# Capstone IMT 2116 Aalborg University.

We consider that, in order to replicate the results in the future, it is relevant to briefly define what each file does.

#### PDF

- **Informe_Final.pdf**: This is the report in Spanish that was produced for the course, where the introduction to the problem, the data, the modeling, and the results generated are detailed. 

#### Jupyter Notebook

- **preliminary_data_reading.ipynb**: As its name indicates, it was a preliminary analysis of the data that was available.

- **Model_Implementation.ipynb**: The implementation of the model for each campus and each program, as well as code to support the analysis of the solutions delivered.

- **Data_Generation.ipynb**: As its name indicates, it is for random data generation, where it is important to define the maximum number of students from each campus, based on the room capacity and the number of workshops. 

#### Python

- **Solver_V3.py**: This is where the model is located: variables, objective function, and associated constraints. Here, it is assumed that up to 2 versions of the same workshop can be created; if you want to extend this to whether 3 versions of the same workshop are possible, the following modifications would have to be made in the corresponding cells.

    - Change the initial T, D, and U.
        ```python
        T3 = [t + 2*n_workshops for t in T1]
        T = T1 + T2 + T3
        U = U + U + U
        D = D + D + D
        ```

    - Add to the constraint on w[s,i] so that it is like this.
        ```python
        # NOT the same workshop (prevents duplicates in AM/PM)
        for s in S:
            for i in range(n_workshops):
                model.addConstr(
                    w[s, i] + w[s, i + 2 * n_workshops] <= 1
                )
        ```
    
    - Add to the objective function so that it is like this.
        ```python
        model.setObjective(
            quicksum(
                p[i] * quicksum(
                    w[s, t_pref[s][i + 1]] +
                    w[s, t_pref[s][i + 1] + 2 * n_workshops]
                    for s in S
                )
                for i in range(3)
            ),
            GRB.MAXIMIZE
        )
        ```

- **utilities.py**: Useful functions that were used during the model implementation.

#### CSV

- **data.csv**: The original database that was provided to us, on which we worked.

- **fixed_data.csv**: The corrected database, given that some data had errors.

- **new_data.csv**: The database generated by "Data_Generation.ipynb".

- **assignments2025.csv**: The schedule assignments made manually in 2025. A document that was provided to us to verify how good a solution it was.

